Once upon a time, there is a guy called charles, who is the king of a country. He was strong, elegant, and smart so that every kingdom desired to be an aliance. He solved all the accidents in his kingdom by himself without any help. But a test is always be faced in front...
A citizen came to his palace and knell the appearnace of a dragon. According to the citizen,  the bizarre dragon is in Devil's Lake ...

And that this three headed-dragon knows how to get fire out of his mouth and for some reason does not like people. Numerous residences saw this dragon and was afraid of it that they decides to move into safer place. After he was done describing about the dragon, he asked King Charles to come over to his place and get dragon away from the Devil's lake. And King Charles, as always, accepts the plea and headed to Devil's Lake.

The brave King Charles takes weilds his great sword and heads to the Devil's Lake to meet the dragon. He was about to slay the demon when he realized that it would be unjust to kill the dragon without giving him a chance for justice. So he sits down by the dragon, ready to listen to the tale that the dragon recites with each of his three heads signing in unison. King Charles slowly realizes that the the dragon is innocent and it only chilling out in his lake, whereas the mean people of the country are trying to hunt him for his beautiful skin. On h=realizing the evil plan of the people, he storms back to his palace where the kingdo folk were waiting for him.

  
Then the three headed dragon got very sad. He explained that he doesnt like to bother any body. He loves people, and like helping them. He proved that the people and king's thoughts about him was wrong. After his explanations, people didnt want to kill him because of his beautiful skin. They asked the dragon to use his power in keeping their city safer protect the people from dangers!

After that commitment, a barbarian clan attacked the charles' kingdom. Well, well, well. Since king charles tended to taking care of his nations rather than raising his army, king's army is almost dead. At the time, the kind dragon came in front of the king's army."Here I come to keep charles' promise!" The dragon slayed all barbarians. Finally the dragon and the kingdom lived well until the end~~~
